I wrote an illustrated children's book
it's called the serious goose it is a
story of a goose who's serious I really
dug deep for this one all the money I
make from the sale of the book goes to
Children's Hospital here in LA and
Children's Hospital anywhere they go to
the serious goose calm for a copy signed
by these beautiful hands all right all
right our first guest tonight is an
oscar-winning actor who was really
excellent in everything he does his new
movie is in collaboration with Clint
Eastwood it's called Richard Jewell it
opens in theaters a week from tomorrow
please welcome Sam Rockwell
[Applause]
[Music]
you know it's like it's your thing you
look good I think maybe the last time I
saw you
yeah I think you were on stage at the
Oscars winning and it takes an Oscar and
I didn't get the jet ski
[Applause]
that's right we did give a jet ski to
the shortest speech I think you did the
right thing though you gave a funny
speech as I recall yeah yeah thanks
thanks I did yeah I did a little
shoutout to my dad and right mom and
stuff you talking about your dad like
ditching school and going to the movie
yeah yeah we played hooky and saw rocky
I think and that's how it all started
yeah yeah how about that that's pretty
cool at weight so that night after you
win the Oscar DeeDee carries around
although I did carry it around because
they wanted you to take pictures with it
yes you have to yes you should carry
should right yeah it makes people happy
to see it that's right that's right so I
carried it around and then we went to
Madonna's party and Wow that got a
little you know Madonna I don't know her
I met her once you know and and then we
ended up dancing like two or three songs
Madonna songs you were dancing you
danced as Madonna we were dancing too I
don't know what it was a Motown or
something huh no no yeah you were about
the same age I think you're a little bit
younger than I am put what would you I
mean this I I mean I was I think I was
actually in love with Madonna when I was
in high school it wasn't oh yeah what
you have what would this have blown your
mind to tell like a 15 year old Sammy
Rockwell that he's gonna be dancing with
Madonna with an Oscar in his hand
I had to put on the floor and then I
heard somebody might take cuz you know
somebody told Frances McDorman sighs oh
that's right they briefly stole it was
briefly and I got you came back they
retrieved that pretty technically yeah
okay so all right so you have this Oscar
and then what do you do when you go home
to New York do you check it or do you
carry it on
I checked it on the carry-on and
actually I got stopped for random check
oh very young woman young girl maybe 20
took it out of the bag and she kind of
took it and swab dit like this oh she
swapped your I've stopped it she took
another bag and she had like the swab
she was gone no expression and I was
like really I think she knew what it was
it makes me what we really do live in a
Hollywood bubble we did some people
don't know about that yeah or maybe
she's seeing so many of them coming
through and it was just like another one
of these yeah I was driving to work on
Monday and I saw a guy in the street and
I thought it was you and I'm really
trying to get what I thought was your
attention and it wasn't you it turned
out and then I actually looked it up to
see if you were in LA because I was like
what the hell is Sam Rockwell doing
walking around like that by the way it
probably was because I walk around
sunset quite a bit but you were it was
on sunset but yeah it might have been
you but you were sure that we're in New
York accepting another award it was okay
all right now did you bring that award
through the TSA no no we lost track of
that award is that right it's gone we
found it oh you did okay all right who's
we you and your award just hunting team
guys that really has some real gomers
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
i watch the show ya know just meet my
friends everything got a little silly
and we lost track for a second okay you
have it now we have it okay by the way I
enjoyed the movie Richard Jewell really
good thanks so it's for those you know
it's funny some of the younger people
here at the show didn't really know
about this guy but it was so no huge
story it's and I'm embarrassed to say I
don't remember much about it either I
remember Muhammad Ali carrying the torch
and that's yes Jon Hamm remembers quite
a bit and yeah it's an incredible story
I remember it because I was there in his
told this yes I was working at a radio
station here in LA and we I was a sports
guy we went out to cover the Olympics
and this happened the night before we
flew out and so all the media of the
world gathered in this parking lot by
the way so you were part of that that
crowd exactly exactly as I remember it
looking at which is really weird did you
shoot it in that actual okay we shot the
exterior was the actual apart they
haven't updated that place I don't
happen and I'm glad to say we didn't
shoot interiors in the interior every
media outlet in the world was there and
at that time I'd never really seen
anything like that and people were just
in the I mean there were thousands of
members of the media in the parking lot
cuz everyone's there for the Olympics
and I don't know what they expected was
gonna happen but I decided to call and
order a pizza for Richard Jewell to his
apartment what were you working for it
was the K rock radio here in LA and I
thought it would be funny if the world
was watching when a pizza guy pulled off
a light like what where what's going on
you get the pizza he got the pizza guy
got as far as the parking lot and then
the cop said what apartment are you go
he do it and I really felt outraged I
was like what are they trying to starve
this guy out of his apartment but at
that time it was crazy because everybody
just thought the guy was guilty you know
yeah yeah it was it's hot the real guy
finally was it caught too much mud was
very much a monster yeah but it is such
an interesting story in such an
interesting character and you can really
see
why they thought maybe he was the guy
who did it yeah yeah no it's it almost
seems like a like a John Grisham novel
or like The Crucible or something it's
it does it's it's stranger than fiction
I don't read but I'm sure that that's
yes yes yes not a really a really really
tough eeeh yes I've seen that yeah it's
an old-fashioned kind of melodrama but
it's it's crazy that it's a true story
well when we come back we're gonna take
a look at a clip from the movie it's
called Richard Jewell directed by Clint
Eastwood Sam Rockwell is here we'll be
right back blowing - any extremist
groups issue no I hate all this there's
this capital crime here was a death
penalty I can help you but only if I
know the truth did you do this No are
you asking if I'd TT I'm asking you if
you in any part of the Centennial
bombing yes so if you had anything to do
with this I did not plant that bomb in
Centennial Park and I made the mistake
of assuming you knew that all right well
let's beat the hell out of these
bastards that is Sam Rockwell and he did
a great job - amazing job yeah and he
looks a lot like the real guy yeah he
does yeah he really does yeah he's it's
funny watching him and then remember and
then I went and looked at some old
footage of Richard Jewell I was like oh
yeah yeah really captured him quite well
yeah there's actually a real clip in
there of the real Richard Jewell and
then they cut back to Paul oh that's
right yes yes yes yeah Clint Eastwood is
the director of the movie is yes like
always wanted to work with yeah yeah
yeah definitely I mean you know we grew
up on his films oh yeah yeah I mean it's
amazing yeah
and he does I was in Jackson Wyoming and
somebody said yeah and this is where
every which way but loose was filmed I
was like huh what I know I know
Gordon yeah I got to watch the gauntlet
with him on this plane me and Paul and
oh really
and he poked holes in it and stuff Wow
but yeah I mean he does not disappoint
he's got stories like you he's
crash-landed a plane like like the way
it like the Sully movie his shoulder
came out of his socket he fell off a
horse and Pale Rider and it does he
indulge you with all the stories that
you want to hear oh yeah
tell you get all this stuff wouldn't you
what was like number one on your list
that you wanted to hear there was some
good ones about Richard Burton in him
it's Ryan Richman Burt was trying to get
to the pub as quickly as possible and
they were on this motorcycle and and
that's the passenger seat and he was in
the passenger seat Richard Byrd was
driving Clint was like maybe I better
Drive yeah exactly he's very healthy but
there was a lot of good stuff there was
a time there was there's a scene in the
movie we have all these guns on the bed
and there was one that appeared to be a
44 Magnum 357 Magnum or something and
and so Paul and I there alone with
Clinton in this bedroom and he goes he
just grabs the gun he goes 44 Magnum is
pathway and in the world
[Music]
blow your head clean off and then you
think just kind of like slithers out of
the room and it's like and it was like a
little kid did it or something wasn't
even like Claes would and it was
appalled that I looked at you it really
did that just happen
that's like worse the whole experience
and he was you know he was sending
himself up a little that's pretty great
his sense of humor about yeah I plus he
knows I love that when guys like him
these iconic guys and you know a lot
you've worked with a lot of these guys
will do will give you that stuff because
you know that they you know that you do
what every once in a while and I think
it's it's kind of a loving thing to do
right I think it's a way of him telling
you he likes you so I assume here like
you yes yes I think I think you're right
I hope me you've worked with Pacino De
Niro Nicolas Cage well Clint Eastwood
obviously poster for Walken which is
Chris Walken yeah are you close with any
of those guys I'm still us with Chris
Walken yeah yeah we we we talk a lot
sometimes oh yeah we did a play together
we did a movie together and he's a great
guy he's a great guy busy because he's
one to me one of the most mysterious
people in the world yeah he's actually
really he's more normal than you would
think yeah but you don't know how
abnormal I'm thinking he might be to
keep people I see interesting because it
makes me more interested in him it's not
working if that's the strategy yeah yeah
he's eccentric but he's he's actually
he's very he's very funny
he's a very funny guy yeah yeah in
rehearsal one time we're doing the play
and he's it just we were having tea or
coffee and he said yeah I would have
made a great Pope
I would have been I would have been very
lenient and so Martin McDonagh heard
that and he put that in the movie Seven
Psychopaths and so when we're taking
mescaline that's in the movie and Chris
says that he would oh wow that was torn
from real life yeah yeah all right well
it's great to be here next time I see
you on or someone that looks like you on
sunset I'll be sure to run him off the
road are you gonna watch that fight this
weekend I am very here what was that
that was that you're kidding your liver
your kidneys kidney yeah my kid that's
like a rough little shot do you know her
a lot oh my god that's the part I'm not
allowed to hit when I was actually
boxing no ex elute Li could have dropped
it was like Joe Pesci and LaMotta in
Raging Bull no that's what I say too
- and that's it no more that was too
much see people say Guillermo doesn't
work hard because he his workday
consists of like 45 minutes but when he
gets in the ring you know he can take
any
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and through it
all the my MA goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you